Initial AKS provisioning docs (#3342)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.6/en/cluster-provisioning/hosted-kubernetes-clusters/aks/_index.md

**Result:** Your service principal now has access to AKS.

# 1. Create the AKS Cloud Credentials

1. In the Rancher UI, click **☰ > Cluster Management.**
1. Click **Cloud Credentials.**
1. Click **Create.**
1. Click **Azure.**
1. Fill out the form. For help with filling out the form, see the [configuration reference.]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/cluster-admin/editing-clusters/aks-config-reference/#cloud-credentials)

# 2. Create the AKS Cluster

Use Rancher to set up and configure your Kubernetes cluster.

1. In the Rancher UI, click **☰ > Cluster Management.**
1. In the **Clusters** section, click **Create.**
1. Click **Azure AKS.**
1. Fill out the form. For help with filling out the form, see the [configuration reference.]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/cluster-admin/editing-clusters/aks-config-reference)

**Result:** Your cluster is created and assigned a state of **Provisioning.** Rancher is standing up your cluster.

You can access your cluster after its state is updated to **Active.**

# Role-based Access Control
When provisioning an AKS cluster in the Rancher UI, RBAC is not configurable because it is required to be enabled.

> RBAC is required for AKS clusters that are registered or imported into Rancher.

Reviewer: I'm not sure why this is mentioned here, is it meant to replace the step about configuring "Member Roles" in the old version? Those are different things, "Member Roles" will always be available for Rancher clusters.

Author: It's from the UI ticket -

> RBAC shouldn't require a UI since we need to have it enabled. That said, upon registering or importing a cluster without RBAC (i.e, RBA is disabled in the object coming into Rancher), we need to warn that it won't work without RBAC enabled -- this should be in the docs too. Registration likely will need a minor change for options & upgrades to exclude RBAC.

I interpreted that to mean that RBAC has to be enabled on the AKS side so that Rancher can manage RBAC for the cluster.

I've rephrased it like this:

> When provisioning an AKS cluster in the Rancher UI, RBAC cannot be disabled. If role-based access control is disabled for the cluster in AKS, the cluster cannot be registered or imported into Rancher.
> 
> Rancher can configure member roles for AKS clusters in the same way as any other cluster. For more information, see the section on [role-based access control.]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/admin-settings/rbac)

# AKS Cluster Configuration Reference

For more information about how to configure AKS clusters from the Rancher UI, see the [configuration reference.]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/cluster-admin/editing-clusters/aks-config-reference)

# Private Clusters

Typically, AKS worker nodes do not get public IPs, regardless of whether the cluster is private, with some exceptions. In a private cluster, the control plane does not have a public endpoint.

In order to a to be able to connect with the AKS Kubernetes API server,

- The Rancher agent needs to be deployed from a node that has access to the AKS cluster's Azure Virtual Network (VNet).
- Rancher needs to be running on the same [NAT](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/nat-overview) as the AKS nodes.

For more information about connecting to an AKS private cluster, see the [AKS documentation.](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/aks/private-clusters#options-for-connecting-to-the-private-cluster)

# Syncing

> The GKE provisioner can synchronize the state of a GKE cluster between Rancher and the provider. For an in-depth technical explanation of how this works, see [Syncing.]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/cluster-admin/editing-clusters/syncing)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The AKS provisioner can synchronize the state of an AKS cluster between Rancher and the provider. For an in-depth technical explanation of how this works, see [Syncing.]({{<baseurl>}}/rancher/v2.6/en/cluster-admin/editing-clusters/syncing)
```
